cut the car just like that Ace of Spades
stays on top of the deck I'm gonna teach
you guys how to do this right here we go
so get a card selected let's get a card
selected if you want to control the King
of Spades here's what you do put the
King spades on top of the deck and you
follow me follow along with me grab your
pack of cards in your right hand just
like this you want to have your cards
just like this then go to swing cut a
little piece of the cards this way in
this hand you do the same thing break
off a piece of those cards just like
that transfer the first pack and your
other hand just like that so you got
three packs in your hand just like this
grab that middle packet and bring it
over to your left hand take your finger
and your right hand and turn it down
bring that last pack on top and you just
retain the King of Spades do that again
swing cuts break off
so you got three packs in your hand grab
that middle packet swivel that pack it
over drop that packet right there
that's just like the end this also works
for the entire deck
there's the jacket clubs have you got
your King of Spades just like that you
can easily mix up the cards just like
that there's your clubs and there's your
don't forget to subscribe thank you my
cameraman behind the camera the coolest
on the entire world I'll see you guys
soon for a new tutorial new performance
video magic to blow your mind
peace